---
ID: 314
post_title: Jaipur
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/jaipur/
published: true
post_date: 2018-07-07 15:11:52
---
[et_pb_section bb_built="1" fullwidth="on" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_fullwidth_slider \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] [et_pb_slide heading="Jaipur" background_image="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/amber_fort.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][/et_pb_slide][et_pb_slide heading="Jaipur" background_image="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Hawa_Mahal.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][/et_pb_slide] [/et_pb_fullwidth_slider][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built="1" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_map address="Jaipur, Rajasthan, India" zoom_level="10" address_lat="26.9124336" address_lng="75.7872709" disabled_on="off|off|off" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" \_map\_version="2"] [et_pb_map_pin title="City Palace, Jaipur" pin_address="Jaleb Chowk, Opp Jantar Mantar, Jaipur, Rajasthan 302002, India" pin_address_lat="26.9257713" pin_address_lng="75.8236581" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] City Palace, Jaipur [/et_pb_map_pin][et_pb_map_pin title="Amber Fort Jaipur" pin_address="Devisinghpura, Amer, Jaipur, Rajasthan 302001, India" pin_address_lat="26.9854865" pin_address_lng="75.8513454" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] Amber Fort Jaipur [/et_pb_map_pin] [/et_pb_map][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_code \_builder\_version="3.0.64"]<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Buy Tickets:</strong></p><!-- [et_pb_line_break_holder] --><p style="text-align: center;">[bookly-form category_id="2" show_number_of_persons="1" hide="categories,week_days,time_range"][/et_pb_code][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built="1" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image src="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/City_Palace_Jaipur.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"]   [/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_text \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] 
### City Palace, Jaipur Jaipur is the first planned city of medieval India. The city is divided into nine blocks and the royal palace is situated at the centre of the city. The capital was shifted from Amer to Jaipur in the 1700s. Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh was a great thinker he along with architects Vidyadhar Bhattacharya and Shilpa Shastra made the walls of the city of Jaipur which is built on the principles of Indian science of architecture, Vastu. The City Palace is located in the middle of the old city wall of Jaipur. There is ample transport to the palace. You can either take a cab for local site-seeing or take rickshaws if you want to experience the Indian way of travel. 

**Timing**: 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM **Entrance Fee**: INR 500 for Foreign Tourists and INR 190 for Indians [/et_pb_text][et_pb_button button_text="Book Now" button_alignment="center" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" background_color="#7EBEC5"]   [/et_pb_button][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image src="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/amber_fort.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"]   [/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_text \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] 
### Amber Fort, Jaipur In the 16th century, a fort was built by a trusted general of Akbar, Maan Singh. Later, Maan started to rule the area surrounding the fort which was called as the Amer state. The fort is now called as the Amer Fort and the city is called as Jaipur. Amer fort or Amber Fort is located a little away from the main city of Jaipur. It is an important tourist destination in this city. 

**Timing**: 10 AM - 5 PM (Daily) **Entrance Fee**: 550 Per Person for Foreign Tourists and Rs.100 for Indians [/et_pb_text][et_pb_button button_text="Book Now" button_alignment="center" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" background_color="#7EBEC5"]   [/et_pb_button][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]