---
ID: 213
post_title: Udaipur
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/udaipur/
published: true
post_date: 2018-07-07 12:00:34
---
[et_pb_section bb_built="1" custom_padding="54px|0px|0px|0px" \_builder\_version="3.0.47"][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="4_4"][et_pb_slider \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] [et_pb_slide heading="Udaipur" background_image="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/udaipur-1.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][/et_pb_slide][et_pb_slide heading="Udaipur" background_image="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/lake-pichola.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][/et_pb_slide] [/et_pb_slider][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built="1" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" global_module="448"][et_pb_row global_parent="448" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_map global_parent="448" address="Udaipur, Rajasthan, India" zoom_level="10" address_lat="24.688957049985" address_lng="73.858959852867" disabled_on="off|off|off" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] [et_pb_map_pin title="Sajjangarh" pin_address="Kodiyat, Rajasthan 313011, India" pin_address_lat="24.5932743" pin_address_lng="73.6392328" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] Sajjangarh Fort Udaipur [/et_pb_map_pin][et_pb_map_pin title="City Palace Udaipur" pin_address="Udaipur, Rajasthan 313001, India" pin_address_lat="24.5764421" pin_address_lng="73.6835109" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] City Palace Udaipur [/et_pb_map_pin] [/et_pb_map][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_code global_parent="448" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"]<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Buy Tickets:</strong></p><!-- [et_pb_line_break_holder] --><p style="text-align: center;">[bookly-form category_id="1" show_number_of_persons="1" hide="categories,week_days,time_range"][/et_pb_code][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built="1" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image src="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/sazzangarh.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] [/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_text \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] 
### Sajjangarh (Monsoon Palace) Monsoon Palace or Sajjangarh Palace is a hilltop palace located at Bansdara Mountain peak at about 944 mt above sea level in Udaipur. Maharana Sajjan Singh constructed it in 1883 for using it as the summer retreat for Mewar Kings. Another big purpose for its construction is to watch the progress of Monsoon clouds.This Monsoon Palace is situated at such an altitude that it presents magnificent views of Lake Pichola, Aravalli mountains, and surrounding countryside. Visitors also love the sunset of Sajjangarh Palace. There is also Sajjangarh Wildlife Sanctuary which encircles the palace. Now it is a forest department property and open for visitors. 

** Timings: **09\.00 am to 06.00 pm **Sajjangarh Palace Entree Fee: **Indian/foreigner- Rs 10/80 , Autorickshaw/car- Rs 20/65, camera/video- free/Rs20 [/et_pb_text][et_pb_button button_text="Book Now" button_alignment="center" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" background_color="#7EBEC5"] [/et_pb_button][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row \_builder\_version="3.0.64"][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_image src="https://demo.rajasthanblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/city-palace-udaipur2.jpg" \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] [/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type="1_2"][et_pb_text \_builder\_version="3.0.64"] 
### City Palace Udaipur The beautiful City Palace features a great blend of the Mughal and Rajasthani architecture. It is set at a backdrop which offers an opportunity to have an aerial view of the entire city. The palace leaves every visitor spellbound with its domes, courtyards, corridors, rooms, pavilions, towers, and hanging gardens. The City Palace also houses antique furniture and beautiful paintings which add to the beauty of the palace and give it a more royal look. One of the 11 palaces is the Manak Mahal or the Ruby Palace which is adorned with beautiful crystal and porcelain statues. 

**Timings: **9:30 pm to 5:30 pm **Entree Fee:** Adult 250, Child 100 [/et_pb_text][et_pb_button button_text="Book Now" button_alignment="center" \_builder\_version="3.0.64" background_color="#7EBEC5"] [/et_pb_button][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]